# The-Fosters
Operationalization- The process of turning more abstract concepts and turning them into measureable variables. I used operationalization by observing many different variables and turning them into variables that could be measured, either as quantitative or qualitative.
Gender- The qualitative variable of gender shows if each episode had more female or male characters. To gather this information, I watched each episode and counted how many female characters and male characters that were shown. Then, I determined if there was more female or male characters in that epsiode and wrote down F or M to represent what gender was shown more.
Conversations- The quantitative variable of conversations shows the amount of conversations between 2 people were held in each episode. For each episode, I counted the amount of conversations that lasted more than 30 second between 2 people. I then took that number and put it in the table numerically. 
Emotional- The qualitative variable of emotional states how emotional each episode made me feel. After watching each episode, I determined if it make me feel not emotional, average emotional, or extremely emotional. I collected the data by using N, A, or E, determining how emotional each episode made me feel.
Dramatic- The quantitative variable of dramatic represents how dramatic I felt each episode was. I ranked it on a scale 0-100, 100 being the most dramatic. I collected the data numerically on my spreadsheet.
Romantic- The quantitative variable of romantic shows how many romantic scenes were in each episode. In order to collect this, I watched each episode and counted how many romantic scenes were in each episode. Then, I put that number in the spreadsheet.
Viewers- The quantitative variable of viewers determines how many viewers watched each epsiode. I figured this out by going online and finding the data. Then I copied the numerical data and put it in the spreadsheet. 
Data- I collected all the data by watching each show in my sample population and observing each variable I selected. The different tests helped me compare many of the variables with eachother and states whether there was a clear relationship or not.
